PDE-3850 chore(cli, schema, core): Add more information about breaking changes to CHANGELOG.md (#636)
zapier/zapier-platform: CHANGELOG.md

_released `2023-03-21`_

Version `14.0.0` is a breaking change release that contains several important upgrades and deprecations. Here is a brief breakdown of the most notable changes (see further below for a more detailed list of changes):

> 1. `alters_custom_fields` is no longer set to `true` all the time. Developers should now set the flag appropriately. This will signal to the editor when needs have to be re-fetched (i.e. user picked another spreadsheet so we need to refresh the dropdowns that act on column/rows).

Reviewer: `needs` is not a public term, we should say `dynamic dropdown choices` or similar instead

Reviewer 2: FWIW, when a dynamic dropdown `altersDynamicFields`, it's to refetch other input fields, not the dynamic dropdown choices themselves. I've suggested a change on the copy.

> 1. Starting on version `14.0.0` CLI integrations will need to define `can_paginate` for every operation that supports pagination. We will preserve the behavior for apps built on platform version `13.0.0` or lower.

Reviewer 2: ````suggestion
2. [`bundle.meta.page`](https://github.com/zapier/zapier-platform/blob/main/packages/cli/README.md#bundlemeta) no longer defaults to 0. Starting on v14, it will be only available if [`canPaginate`](https://github.com/zapier/zapier-platform/blob/zapier-platform-schema@14.0.0/packages/schema/docs/build/schema.md#basicpollingoperationschema) is true. Set `canPaginate` accordingly if your function expects to see `bundle.meta.page`:

   ```
   triggers: {
     contact: {
       operation: {
         canPaginate: true  // <- set this appropriately on v14
       }
     }
   }
   ```
````

While writing this, I figured we probably should update the doc about [`bundle.meta`](https://github.com/zapier/zapier-platform/blob/d5f384165a83e02341c1bb74f615d52b6ac11a67/packages/cli/README.md#bundlemeta) and mention `page` doesn't always exist.

> 1. We will preserve the behavior for Python apps and for devcli apps built on platform version `13.0.0` or lower. Starting on version `14.0.0` CLI integrations will need to define `can_paginate` for every operation that supports pagination.

Reviewer: We can omit `Python apps` and `devcli apps` and just say 'apps'

> 1. We will preserve the behavior for Python apps and for devcli apps built on platform version `13.0.0` or lower. Starting on version `14.0.0` CLI integrations will need to define `can_paginate` for every operation that supports pagination.

Reviewer: nit: I think this reads better in the opposite order.

Starting on v14 define can_paginate..... We will preserve the behaviour for v13. 
wdyt?

Author: @standielpls Agreed!

> 1. Zapier's OAuth2 implementation now supports PKCE. See [our official documentation](https://github.com/zapier/zapier-platform/blob/zapier-platform-cli@14.0.0/packages/cli/README.md#oauth2-with-pkce) for implementation details.

Reviewer 2: We want developers to read breaking changes first. So let's move PKCE, a new feature, to its own paragraph, after the breaking change of the app meta info. Suggested change:

```suggestion
On v14, OAuth2 implementation now supports PKCE. See [our documentation](https://github.com/zapier/zapier-platform/blob/zapier-platform-cli@14.0.0/packages/cli/README.md#oauth2-with-pkce) for details.
```

> 1. You may need to provide additional meta information about your app (if that information isn't already provided). If you are missing this information, you will be blocked from making major updates to your application (`zapier promote`, `zapier upload`, `zapier push`).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. You are required to provide meta information about your app, such as your intended audience and app category (if that information isn't already provided). If you are missing this information, you will be blocked from making updates to your integration (`zapier promote`, `zapier upload`, `zapier push`). Use `zapier register` with `zapier-platform-core@14.0.0` or go to `https://developer.zapier.com/app/{app_id}/version/{version}/settings` to fill it out.
```
